Please ensure you are in the Etsy Ingenix directory inside Etsy Ingenix.
We are going to create a new directory, the directory we can call SSL.
You can then change to the SSL directory.
Firstly, we need to set up the Diffie Hellman configuration settings.
Sudo Open is d.H Parum, we are going to use two zero for eight bots and we would like a file to be
created called d.H Parum DOT PCM.
This may take a while.
Just let it run until it finishes.
A listing of the Etsy Ingenix SSL directory will display the file D.H Perram DOT p.m. inside the SSL
directory.
We need to create two files.
The first file we need to create will contain the SSL directives for a particular site.
Sudo Touch, followed by the file name SSL.
Underscore the site name Dout Seo and if that file will contain the directors for the site WP Seelie
dot com, we then going to create another file called Izell.
All sites dot seo in f this file will contain the global SSL directives that can be used for any site
that you configure on your server.
It's open the SSL underscore WPEC allai dot com dot seo nfr using nano.
Inside our sites SSL file, you need to provide three directives, the SSL certificate, the SSL certificate
key, as well as the SSL trusted certificate.
The post was displayed to us when we created these files using third party slash ATC.
Let's encrypt live, followed by the domain name slash the file name.
So after adding these three directives, you can close and know saving your changes.
Now we need to open the global SSL file using NENO in.
The resources section I've given you the directives to add to this particular file, the one directive
SSL Diffie Heldman parameters, followed by the path to the D.H Perram DOT PCM file, you can exit saving
your changes.
I'd like you to open those sites dashboard using your browser.
For now, I would like you to go to settings general to entries.
I would like you to be aware of the WordPress address and the WordPress site address.
When we created our site, I specified the URL as htp w w w dot followed by my domain name.
So the WordPress address and the site address htp w w w dot followed by the domain name.
Now we need to configure Ingenix to display our sites securely.
You can go back one level.
You can then change to the sites available directory.
We want to open our sites configuration file sudo no no.
Followed by the name of your site.
No, I intend to display WPEC Allai over a secure connection.
Only what we need to do is add a new server block server, open up curly bracket, close our curly bracket.
Listen put at the server name WPEC allai dot com w w w dot w pclob dot com.
Then we have the return directive.
What this directive does is it will redirect whatever is specified in the server name directive.
So if somebody's visiting your site types in WPEC yellow dot com, the return directive will redirect
that request from WPEC allai dot com to htp is w w w dot wp seelie dot com the same if somebody types
in w w w dot wpec illi dot com they will be redirected a three or one redirect to h t s w w w dot com.
The dollar request underscore urai is important if somebody requests wpec i dot com slash about you
don't want to redirect them to https w w w dot wpc dot com.
You want to redirect them to https domain name slash about that is what the request you are.
I does.
So that is our nonsecure server block.
Now underneath the new server block we have our old server block.
Now what we do is we modify the old server block to display our site using SSL.
Your first step is to change the port.
It's no longer port eighty, it is port four for three SSL and at the same time to turn on HTP to all
you do is you add H TDP to after SSL the same for the next line.
Replace the eighty with 443 ssl h ttp two.
The rest of the entries remain exactly the same.
Except I would like you to go to where we have server name and underneath server name we are going to
include to files.
The first file will be SSL site name Dot Seo and if we also need to include the global SSL file.
So we have included our site specific SSL configuration file as well as the global SSL directive's SSL
all sites dot seo in.
If you can exit NENO saving your changes, let's test the Ingenix configuration.
The configuration file Syntex is okay, it's restart engine X in G.R..
It's open a new tab in our browser type in our domain name and there is our site.
You will notice the padlock.
Our site is secure.
Our site has now been configured to be displayed as SSL.
Only, let's go to SSL labs, dot com and test our server.
Your site will have an A plus rating, any visitor to your site, if they type in W w w dot WPC allai
dot com.
There will be redirected to H.
Tepes if they typed in WPEC elai dot com without the w w w, they will be redirected to h tepes w w
w dot.
If I open my configuration file wpec allai dot com the return 3001 that is the redirect.
It's a permanent redirect if anybody types in WPEC yellow dot com or w w w dot WPEC yellow dot com they
will be redirected to h t s w w w dot followed by the domain name.
In this lecture we configured the engine x SSL directive's.